---
layout: meeting
sitemap: false
description: THIS IS A MEETING TEMPLATE. PROVIDE A RELEVANT DESCRIPTION OR SYNOPSIS OF THE MEETING
date: 2017-05-02
time:
  open: "20:00"
  close: "24:00"
members:
  - Dave Seff

author: Dave Seff
signed: Steph Piper
---

## Agenda

- Upcoming AGM
- Supanova Wrap Up
- Planting Festival Wrap Up
- Woodshop Working Bee Wrap Up
- Upcoming Workshops
- Purchase Proposal: $1500 to rebuild green room tables
- Cause Policy Changes

## Meeting Notes

 - Next week is the All General meeting
  - Speph will continue Pres
  - Brenden Will be VP
  - Beau will be Treas
  - Mike King will be Sec

 - Supanova Made 600 Dolars. Need to meet and plan the next Supanova. Aliexpress was a dud. Most stock sold on Saturday. Need Figit spinners. 
 - Steph, Beau and Alex did well at the festival
 - Improved router station in wood shop. Going to use an old saw of Karl's. Everyone who pitched in did a wonderful job. 
 - Upcoming: Blacksmithing ( sold out ), Silversmithing mothers day weekend, Intro to crochet, Cosplay and crafts meets. Electronics, Soldering. 
 - Cause Policy changes:
   - Currently only voting done for spending. New proposal to vote on general items and procedure. Can not be exclusionary. New cause policy notices will be posted in the cause areas.
 - New tools: leatherworking, Sublimation printer. 
 - Bans for members taking other's belongings. 

## Treasury Report
 - 38K in the Bank

## Votes
 - Rebuild greenroom tables: Unanimous :: PASS
 - Bans for members taking other's belongings: Unanimous :: PASS

## Thanks
Thanks to Jeremy for helping clean the woodshop
Steph
Beau for putting lights on the bench. 
People who have been doing things around the space. 
Alex for finishing of plaques.
